In a moment, Byung Man's Tribe moves to the middle...
of the Garden of the Spirits to start a new survival.
It is filled with mysteries and abundance.
What kind of presents will Byung Man's Tribe come across?
And last week's hot topic was...
the giant dolphinfish Tae Gon caught.
They were also able to get some sauce.
How will Tae Gon's raw dolphinfish taste?
Let's get started.
- My goodness, it's huge. - It's big.
- It looks good. - My goodness.
(How big is it exactly?)
Didn't we say it was 1.2m?
It got smaller.
(They try to measure it.)
What's the size?
1m and 6.5cm.
It's 1m and 6.5cm.
That's amazing.
- It's because we put it in ice. - It shrank.
Can you give us a cutting board please?
You cut it this way.
I need to sit on one of those.
You have to take the intestines out.
(Tae Gon is the master of cutting raw fish.)
You have to take it out?
Once you cut it, it slides out.
(Turning)
(Turning with great force)
- That looks so good. - It looks amazing.
Goodness.
He's removing the scales.
(He's experienced.)
He's so skilled. He's done it before.
I thought about how to cut it.
I decided to use my own style.
Dolphinfish won't disappoint us.
I was confident.
(He learned to cut a fish,)
(so he doesn't know how not to cut a fish.)
(He removes the head...)
(and the tail.)
(He's so good.)
It looks good.
Really?
(They're all amazed.)
It's red.
Look at the meat.
This is amazing. We can eat the whole thing.
(He reveals the pink-tinted meat.)
I'm simply amazed.
Look at that.
It's huge.
(He's like a master craftsman who makes every stitch by hand.)
It looks so good.
It was really challenging.
The knife is supposed to slide through,
but it got caught by the bone.
It had large bones. They were tough.
You're almost done. Hang in there, Tae Gon.
How far am I?
You're almost done. You're 80 percent there.
You're almost done.
(He finally cuts it in half.)
That was fascinating to watch.
(It's very meaty.)
- The bones are this big. - My gosh.
You'll die if this gets stuck in your throat.
- It's like a carnivore. - Exactly.
Hold on. While he's cutting up the fish,
since we didn't catch anything,
let's get something from the mountains.
- We can look for cassavas. - That or some spices.
- Fruits too. - Okay. Let's go.
Fruits.
Keep working on the fish.
- All right. See you. - See you later.
Please be careful.
- It looks good. - Look at the intestines.
- It looks a fish on its own. - It does.
- It's a fish. - It is.
- Let's see what it ate. - There's a fish in there.
- There's a fish. - There is.
- It ate a catfish. - It's pretty big.
It's bigger than the one you guys caught earlier.
- It's bigger than ours. - Yes, it is.
- It's bigger than ours. - It's bigger than ours.
(Inside the dolphinfish's intestines,)
(there are 4 small fish.)
That's so fascinating.
- Can't we eat these? - That's fascinating.
(They're ashamed of themselves.)
That's so fascinating.
(Next step is to divide up into 4 parts.)
We'll have more than enough.
The color looks good.
I'm curious. I really like seafood.
- Are you cutting it in half? - I think I have to.
- That looks amazing. - You have to skin it.
(It's time to skin the fish.)
It looks chewy.
It looks really chewy.
(He removes only the meat.)
This is all you need to make food during Thanksgiving.
I agree.
It looks good.
(This is even better than regular fried fillet.)
I want to just chew on it.
Cut it in half.
I think I can rip it off.
This is good. It's even tastier than using a knife.
Press it down.
(Hold on to it, Dam.)
(The fish goes flying.)
Why did you miss it?
It slipped.
(The fish went flying,)
(and he looked devastated.)
- We can wash it. - Give it back.
We can pick it up fast.
It slipped.
He ripped it so hard. It flew so far.
I didn't know you'd do it in one try.
It flew away.
- Do you see the white part? - Yes, is it fat?
- This is... - It's in dried fish.
really good for you.
Once you use a knife, this goes away.
My dad is really good at cutting raw fish.
I miss my dad.
- Your dad? - Yes.
That reminds me of my dad.
I would watch my dad removing the intestines.
My dad likes to fish too.
If we're going to have raw fish, we need some seasoning.
We can look for chili peppers.
- That would be perfect. - Exactly.
Hold on. Don't move.
- It's a spider. - Do you see that?
- I see it. - Be quiet.
Right?
- It's ripe. - It is ripe. It's yellow.
Hey, wait.
- Okay, you've got it. - It's ripe. It's soft.
- Okay. - This is amazing.
- Is there more? - There's one more.
(One more?)
How do we get that?
Should I try climbing?
- Can you go up? - I'm not sure.
Why am I here today?
I'm going to practice climbing a tree.
This is my cousin's store.
He has a big tree here so I came.
It's really big.
(Would Yun Hyeong be able to climb the tree?)
Do you think I can do it?
I'll do it like Chief Byung Man.
(Climbing)
(He takes big steps.)
(He's quite good at climbing trees.)
Isn't this good enough?
- Come down. - Will I be able to do it there?
You look like a monkey.
Climb a little bit.
Be careful.
(Practicing helped.)
Reach.
Okay. You did it.
(He did it.)
(It's never too high for a jungle fan.)
I'm good at climbing trees.
What can't you do?
You're incredible.
- They're all ripe. - They are.
We've never had this before.
- I've never seen it before. - Let's look for some more.
Is there anything else? It's my first time seeing this.
- There's a fruit. Hold on. - What is that?
(Moon Sik has a good eye for his age.)
What is that?
It's kind of similar. Hold on.
- Is this edible? - Yes, I think so.
(He splits it in half.)
- Wait. Is that a pumpkin? - It's edible.
Is this a cucumber? I never thought we'd find a cucumber here.
(Ivy gourds look and taste like cucumbers.)
- It arouses my appetite right away. - Isn't this a cucumber?
Try the end of it.
(Moon Sik and Yun Hyeong try it like they're a father and a son.)
- It's bitter. - This does taste like a cucumber.
- I agree. - It does.
(Yun Hyeong gives 10 stars for the experience of tasting ivy gourds.)
There are four ivy gourds here.
I wonder how this grows here.
I'm sure no one planted seeds here.
That's right. These are wild ivy gourds. They are really healthy.
A cucumber? Really?
These are wild vegetables,
so they're small.
We hit the jackpot. Where could we find these?
- Wipe it. - Let's wipe it.
- The sun hasn't risen yet? - What are those?
- They are ripe, right? - These are papayas.
- They look tasty. - That's awesome.
- And look at these. - My gosh.
- What are those? - These are like cucumbers.
- They look like oranges. - These are wild cucumbers.
- Really? They are cucumbers? - Yes.
- Those will go nicely with sashimi. - We can have them with sashimi.
Let me try this.
- That just made a slicing sound. - It made a sound.
(Crunchy)
- That's it? - That means it's chewy.
It's chewy.
(Crunchy)
- That must be so delicious. - This is incredible.
(Slicing)
It sounds like he's cutting radishes.
- It does. - It does make a crunching sound.
- It sounds different from slicing. - My gosh.
- This part is the best. - That does look delicious.
It does look good and might melt in my mouth.
- That looks like pork belly meat. - She's right.
It resembles pork belly meat.
(The flesh cuts softly.)
How would you rank this fish out of all the fish you caught so far?
- This takes 1st place. - Really?
(This takes 1st place.)
When you see this episode, you'll see how excited he was.
- I almost cried. - At the end, he was blown away.
We were reeling it up and got close to catching it.
He said that he finally got to catch a dolphinfish.
- It's a dolphinfish. - My gosh.
(I caught a dolphinfish at last.)
(He blurted it out from the bottom of his heart as he was moved.)
- That's what he said. - It sounds like it's from a drama.
- He really said that. - It's a line from a drama.
- You're laughing about it now. - You...
I'm laughing now, but at that time, it wasn't funny.
I was moved just as much.
- Really? - Yes.
That was Tae Gon at the sea.
- There's so much food. - This is amazing.
- He's decorating just like that. - There's a lot.
- On top of sashimi? - On top of it?
(What is his unique way of plating the sashimi?)
(He places sashimi right on top of the fish he carved out.)
- I've never had such thick sashimi. - Me neither.
I always put sashimi on top of the fish bones.
That's how people who are eating can learn from which part it's.
(Tae Gon is certainly classy.)
- These are very different. - I'll put them on the bottom.
Isn't that the tastiest part?
This part is tender, and this part tastes like sirloin.
- Which one is the best part then? - This part a has nice texture.
(He's like an owner of a sashimi restaurant.)
- This is just unbelievable. - If we eat it like this...
We'll be able to know which part of the fish we're eating.
This would be so nice.
I just realized there's so much food.
Exactly, but that's only half a fish.
That refreshing taste arouses your appetite.
(He uses the ivy gourds to decorate.)
Those are like garnishes we eat when we have sashimi.
Just like that.
That looks nice.
The color contrast...
of red and green...
brings out the whole dish.
- This is great. - All right.
Let's give it up for Tae Gon.
- Thank you. - You're so cool.
- I bet you can sleep well at night. - This is awesome.
(Let's give it up for Dam who was a great helper.)
Tae Gon said he's going to use "dolphinfish" as his nickname.
- dolphinfish? - He's serious.
dolphinfish Tae Gon.
Thank you.
- What's next to chojang? - Thank you.
- Is that wasabi? - No way. I can't believe it.
- This is incredible. - Do we have wasabi too?
- We have soy sauce with wasabi. - We have soy sauce with wasabi.
- In my opinion, - I bet this is the tastiest.
for a nice texture, try this.
- Try this if you want tender meat. - The one over there.
The belly part is the tastiest.
(Welcome to "Friday Food Talk".)
Dam and Tae Gon should have the first bite.
You guys caught this.
- Try the fish. - Okay.
- I'll try it. - You should try it.
- That's thick. - That's so thick.
- It is thick. - Say how you feel before eating.
I just can't believe it.
- He can't believe it. - It's unbelievable.
I'll try it now.
(He eats a piece without any hesitation.)
(Crunching)
(How does it taste?)
- How's the aftertaste? - I'm not saying this for the show.
(I'm not saying this for the show.)
It's so sweet.
- It's sweet? - Really?
I can't wait to find out.
- Even without the sauce? - He says it's sweet.
- It tastes sweet. - It's sweet without the sauce?
- Yes. You should try it. - That's so interesting.
This doesn't taste like tuna.
This tastes somewhere between a sea bream and a tuna.
There's this subtle taste in it.
- Between a sea bream and a tuna? - I see.
- Dam should try it. - Dam, have one.
Let me try one from the belly.
(Dam tastes one from the belly.)
- This is the belly. - I'm curious.
(Popping in)
This will amaze you once you try it.
This is...
Is it tasty enough for you?
- This part tastes savory. - It does?
It's tasty and refreshing.
- Your Majesty, I'll try the fish. - Yes.
Go ahead.
(Mook Sik tastes it 3rd.)
(Will he like it?)
He ate a big one.
- Your Majesty, let me eat one more. - One more?
- Can I? - Sure. Have another.
(Let's start eating now!)
I want one from the belly part.
- I recommend this part. - The belly?
- I need the sauce. - I'll just dip it in soy sauce.
- My gosh. - I can't wait to taste this.
(The youngest tries it first.)
It fills up my whole mouth.
(He's smiling proudly.)
This is so sweet. It really is.
- Really? - It tastes like honey.
- Are you serious? - What kind of food is this?
- Look how his face changed. - It's really sweet?
- It's that good? - Yes.
I'm not lying.
- All right. - 1, 2, 3.
(Everyone tastes it at the same time.)
(Her eyes open wide.)
I was going to slice it again after eating it.
- How's the taste? - This is so good.
(What does Jin Woon who loves sashimi think?)
This has to be the best sashimi I had in my lifetime.
- It's not easy to catch this. - You're hurting my pride.
(He's not good at hunting, but his reactions are the best.)
(Meanwhile, Bo Mi eats one too.)
The best food I had...
on this show was the eels.
But now, this is the best.
It's more than just being tasty.
- This tastes divine. - What about you?
I thought it was going to be really tough...
- because of the sound earlier. - I agree.
- It made a sound. - I thought I couldn't chew it,
- but I had no problem chewing it. - It's tender, isn't it?
No problem chewing it?
I mean it. I could have chewed with my tongue.
- What about you, Cho Rong? - Cho Rong.
I'm not fond of sashimi,
- but it's not fishy. It's sweet. - It is, isn't it?
I like sashimi, and the texture is amazing.
- I agree. - We can make sushi with these.
- The white part is the best. - Didn't I tell you?
- That's where it was from. - You didn't use the knife for it.
I pulled off the flesh.
- It's really good. - This tastes amazing.
That's why it's delicious.
- Let's eat more. - Let's do that.
- Let's eat. - We should eat it now.
- Here we go. - Let's eat sashimi.
Thank you for the food.
- The belly part does taste savory. - I agree.
- This is very savory. - It's aged well. So it's delicious.
I don't eat more if something isn't good.
- We're eating so much good food. - The coconut crab is third.
I didn't imagine I'd be eating sashimi in the jungle.
- It's so good. - This is unbelievable.
- This is just so good. - This tastes amazing.
Look at Cho Rong. She said she does not eat sashimi, but she's eating.
(I'll eat the whole fish.)
That means it's really delicious.
- That's right. - On top of that...
- My effort paid off in the end. - It's really good.
This tastes like good beef.
- We worked hard on the boat. - This is amazing.
(The dolphinfishs are tastier than red sea breams.)
This tastes like beef.
(She's about to make an appearance right about now.)
(This is time for Bo Mi, the eater.)
There are too many delicious food to eat.
(They're very happy to try dolphinfish.)
- Try it with the cucumber slice. - With the cucumber slice?
(Bo Mi can't stand still.)
(It gets stuck between her teeth.)
- This one is the tastiest. - Dip it in the wasabi.
This is so good.
- Where are you? - Come and try this.
Can we get more wasabi, please?
We're eating so much good food.
This is so good.
(She finishes eating with a refill of wasabi.)
The cameraman who is in charge of filing me...
- Sashimi from the back is all gone. - We're going to finish this.
They continue eating. It must mean it's really tasty.
It's not fishy at all.
This tastes incredible.
(According to BroBible Magazine,)
(dolphinfishs are the 4th tastiest fish.)
(Food in the Garden is delicious.)
- Isn't it good? - It's good.
- We have two pieces left. - We ate everything.
- We finished eating sashimi. - We ate so quickly.
- 1 hour to cook, 5 minutes to eat. - We finished so quickly.
- Thank you for the food. - Thank you.
What I was surprised about this special was that...
- we ate a lot of good food. - I agree.
- We ate the coconut crab. - We did.
- We ate the shrimps. - Shrimps were tasty.
- And we had this too. - Right.
This time, these old guys did such a great job. They were tasty.
- They were perfect. - Thank you, old guys.
- What did you say? - You were seriously awesome.
We are old guys?
- Let's wrap up. - Okay.
Let's finish with Tae Gon's cute act.
I like that idea.
I'm sorry, but I can't watch it. I can't possibly stand it.
- Say, "Only I will eat the it." - I'm going to scold you.
- Tae Gon doesn't want to do it. - Okay.
"Only I will eat the dolphinfish."
I can't wait for this.
- Try it. - Can you do it for us?
Trying it won't hurt. Everyone's in a good mood now.
(I, Lee Tae Gon,)
(used to rule Goguryeo and take the role of King Gwanggaeto.)
(A lot of things are going through his head.)
Use the higher tone of your voice.
When you say it, mispronounce it to sound cute.
- Show him. 1, 2, 3. - Mispronounce it.
Cho Rong is going to show us an example.
Only I will eat the dolphinfish.
(He feels uneasy.)
- It's your turn. One... - Wait.
- Do the cute act. - It's the crisis of his lifetime.
- I've never seen him do this. - I haven't either.
This is his biggest crisis.
Do I say, "Only I will eat the dolphinfish" like this?
- Look at the camera and say it. - You can do it.
- He can't look at the camera. - Do it while looking at the camera.
- Do it just like that. - He can't look at the camera.
You shouldn't cross your arms.
I think he's done something like this before.
He's done this a few times.
(While everybody is not paying attention...)
(I'm going to have the dolphinfish by myself.)
I'm going to have the dolphinfish by myself.
(This is the real man's first attempt at being cute.)
(He tries to be...)
(as cute as he can be.)
He sounds American.
Is he born in America?
- "Dolphinfish..." - Was that it?
He turned red.
(He fished, cut up the raw fish, and showed his cuteness.)
(He burned it up.)
- Oh, dear. - That made us laugh.
- Thank you. - Thank you for the meal.
Tae Gon.
Wait. It's not over yet.
The remaining half of the dolphinfish...
is for the staff members who worked as hard.
Tae Gon cuts it up for them.
Please line up.
Open your mouth. Bigger.
Open.
Show us your cuteness.
(I need to have the fish now.)
Thanks to the gigantic dolphinfish,
Byung Man's Tribe had a feast.
"The third night in the Garden of the Spirits comes to an end."
(What will happen tomorrow?)
Due to the bad weather, it was difficult surviving in the east.
Today, they'll be going to the west side.
This area is the most abundant within Taveuni Island.
How will it look?
- I see it. - We'll come back.
I don't see anything.
It's a big high but we can climb.
There's more here.
- Where? - Up there. On your right.
- Should we take it? - It looks good.
- Let's keep going first. - We have to keep going?
- Let's go first. - There are tangerines too.
There are tangerines.
- Aren't those oranges? - They're oranges.
Isn't this a good spot?
That looks great. Let's build a shelter there.
- Isn't this okay? - There?
- There's shade too. - It's great.
This is perfect.
(It's flat and spacious with enough shade.)
This is penthouse.
There are going to be mosquitoes at night.
It's going to be much better than the water though.
- It's not as humid. - I agree.
- Let's build a shelter here. - Let's do it here.
- Let's put our bags down. - We've decided.
Let's look for food now.
- Let's go now. - We can get fruits.
Let's get some fruits.
- What's this? Isn't this a bone? - A bone?
- It's a deer's bone. - It's a bone.
(She's shocked.)
- It's a deer's bone. - It's not.
(Am I the only one not laughing?)
It's a bone.
It's a deer's leg bone.
It's a bone... It's not.
It obviously isn't.
It's not a bone?
(Tae Gon is already looking in the forest.)
This is much better than there.
(He unintentionally finds another good spot.)
(Let me see.)
(At that moment)
(Cackling)
Dam.
Ryu Dam.
(Dam is coming.)
There's a chicken!
(He wakes up the entire forest.)
Isn't it far away?
(Dolphinfish and coconut crab hunters are on their way.)
- There are no stones. - There are none.
This is too small.
(I can use a coconut instead.)
(They walk towards the sound.)
(Pausing)
It's there.
(They find a wild chicken.)
Go to the other side.
- There are three. - There's no path.
We have to corner them.
(They have to corner it.)
Hey. Guys!
- Hey. - Hey.
Kang Nam.
(They can't hear.)
(Tae Gon keeps on going.)
- Tae Gon, Tae Gon. - Where?
There. Here.
Here.
(They work together.)
One person has to corner it.
- Where is it? - It's there.
There it is.
- I'll corner it. - It went in.
(They get antsy.)
It's here. There are three. Come here.
(The chickens hid inside the bushes.)
We can't do anything if they hide.
They went in. Go there, Dam.
Make them come here.
(Dam blocks their escape route.)
(They're all prepared.)
They're there, right?
- Here? - Isn't there one?
- They're not here. - One went that way.
- It didn't come here. - I saw it go.
(They've hidden their traces.)
It's hard to approach them.
Dam, they're here.
- Where? - Over there.
(Tae Gon spots them again.)
Look at these guys.
(They're not an easy target.)
(Tae Gon and Dam are more determined now.)
(At that moment)
(Throwing)
(Tae Gon threw the coconut.)
You hit it.
You hit...
(They don't hesitate.)
(They both run for it.)
You hit it.
(He hits the target.)
Where is it?
Guys!
- Hey! - Guys!
- Guys, chicken! - Are they hunting?
Oh my gosh.
- You hit it! - This is unbelievable.
- You hit it! - Hurry.
Guys!
Chicken!
Corner it.
(This is "Chicken Run".)
(Dashing)
(The young ones are here.)
(It's a dead end.)
- Where is it? - Go!
(The veterans are here too.)
(But he's slow.)
Corner it.
("Chicken Run")
- Where is it? - There!
- It's there, Kang Nam. - Where?
I don't think it's a chicken.
Bo Mi, it's a weapon.
It's so fast.
Isn't it too cruel to beat with that?
I want to catch the chicken too.
There are so many of them.
- Where is it? - Right here!
- Tae Gon, on your left! - Join me!
(Dashing)
(The chickens make them run everywhere.)
It flew.
- It flies. - Gosh, it flies.
It flies.
(That's cheating.)
(It's not "Chicken Run" anymore. It's "Chicken Fly".)
Maybe it's not a chicken. It's a bird.
- It flies. - We can't catch birds.
Where did it go?
Where is it?
(Even Tae Gon...)
I'm so mad.
(Even Tae Gon or Dam can't do it.)
It's a bird.
Chickens have to fly in order to survive.
They're wild chickens.
But still.
- You hit it. - It got hit.
(He found it first so he's the most disappointed.)
- You should have told us first. - We did.
We called for you several times.
- Really? - We had to corner it.
We kept on calling but nobody came.
We can't catch it. It's too fast.
We didn't corner it properly.
(Trudging)
We are supposed to encircle it.
We kept on calling but nobody came.
What's this, Cho Rong?
What's this? Are you going to hit it?
Are you kidding?
- Let's get a slingshot. - This might be better.
If it flies towards me, I'll hit it.
(She takes a full swing.)
They were here.
Let's brace up for a battle.
We can make a plan.
- You're sweating. - We can't waste our energy.
(Tae Gon doesn't look so sharp anymore.)
It got hit.
- What do you mean? - I threw a stone.
He threw a stone and it got hit.
- The chicken got hit? - Yes.
- Other chickens too? - There must be other birds too.
We won't starve today.
If we do a good job, we won't starve.
Chickens fly here.
- Exactly. - We can't catch it.
There are so many of them though. It's possible.
- Yun Hyeong. - Yes.
- Get ready to make chicken. - Sure.
I'll make boiled chicken.
What should we do? Should we split?
- There are fruits too. - Team Chicken.
- You're going for chickens? - Yes.
- I'll get some fruits. - Okay.
- Rest will get fruits. - That's true.
If you see chickens on the way, everybody help.
Let us know.
- They divide themselves up. - Let's go.
Moon Sik's Hunting Team and Tae Gon's Fruit Team...
start exploring the Garden of the Spirits.
We have to look down and behind too. I'm so flustered.
I agree.
This area is kind of dark.
We might find snakes.
Let's make something to hit.
What's this? I haven't seen this bug before.
- What is this? - They're all here.
My goodness.
What's that?
- What are these? - They're only here.
(They're stuck to the branch.)
- What are these? - We never see them in Seoul.
(True bugs release secretions to as protection and extract plant sap.)
- They look like stink bugs. - They won't move.
There are more bugs.
It's a spider.
It caught something.
- It caught something. - It did.
- It's wrapping it. - That's incredible.
(Hitting)
- Do you feel something stinging? - I do.
- Right? - Yes.
There are so many mosquitoes.
There are too many mosquitoes and bugs.
I don't think there's a good area in the jungle.
There are too many enemies.
There are so many ants here.
I don't like this.
(She's startled.)
What's wrong?
(It's a toad and Cho Rong doesn't like it.)
It's a frog.
(It's so scary here.)
It's a bat.
- There are so many bats. - This is unbelievable.
They are hanging like fruits.
(This place is not ordinary.)
- Really? - They're flying.
- Where? - Oh my gosh!
(They look spooky.)
It looks like a scene from a horror film.
Bats are found near scary houses.
They're no joke.
(Will they be able to find food here?)
We have to look carefully.
We might find something small.
- It's a snake - It's a snake
I've never had snakes before.
- Snake wine. - I've had it once.
Is snake wine really good?
(Bright eyes)
It'd be nice to have organic food researchers here.
- I agree. - Yes.
Don't you think most of these are edible?
These look like beans.
- I don't think those are edible. - Check this one.
What are these?
- They're beans. - They're right there.
- What is that? - What are those?
- They're like beans. - Can we eat them?
They aren't beans.
What are they?
What are those?
It'd be delicious if we cooked it.
- It looks like fruit. - It'd be delicious if we cooked it.
(I can taste it.)
- Is it good? - It's really good.
- What is it? - This...
- Let's take them all. - Where is it?
- Is it that good? - It's so good.
- How do you eat it? - Try it.
- This is... - It's like apple.
- But it's not apple. - It's like starfruit.
- It tastes like starfruit. - This is delicious.
Let's take them all.
It tastes like starfruit and apple.
- It's sour. - Gosh, it's sour.
Bilimbi.
(Bilimbi fruits are rich in vitamins C, B, phosphorus, and iron.)
You can tell as soon as you eat it.
It's full of vitamin C.
- You can tell right away. - Try it.
Wait. Here's a big one.
Let's take a whole bunch.
- It woke me up. - Where's the bag?
- Here. - They're like grapes.
If this was in Korea...
- Right, Cho Rong? - Yes.
We could eat them.
Let's have it for dessert.
Gosh. Dessert.
(Name: Bilimbi Characteristic: Sweet, sour, fresh)
(I want to eat it at home! I'll have it all to myself.)
- What's that up there? - Where?
There.
- Where? - Over there.
- It's cacao. - Awesome.
It's cacao. We have to pick the yellow one.
- The yellow one? - It's chocolate.
(Chocolate?)
Bo Mi, chocolate.
- Bo Mi, chocolate! - Bo Mi, side kick.
Chocolate!
(A perfect blow)
That was a great kick. Something keeps falling.
Something fell.
(Kicking)
- I think it might fall. - Really?
- For real? - Yes.
- It might fall. - The small one.
I'm serious. One fell.
- She's good. - She's really good.
She's good.
(Scared)
(Chocolate has stimulated Bo Mi.)
All the rotten ones fell.
I'm afraid the tree will break.
(Bo Mi jumps.)
(She can't reach it.)
Watch your head.
(I'm tired.)
That won't work.
- Can you climb? - Put her on your shoulder.
I don't think he can.
Just try first.
- I'm sorry. - It's okay.
I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.
- Move up a little. - 1, 2, 3.
- I'm sorry! - 2, 3.
(She has the rock spirit.)
- Keep your back straight. - Goodness.
- Don't move. - Give her the stick.
Here. She screams, but she doesn't back out.
- You can do it. - That's it. Hit it.
- Gosh. - Use both hands.
Jin Woon. go closer.
Use both hands.
(Cacao, come here.)
She'll get it.
Good.
(Shouting)
(She shouts loudly.)
(She aims again.)
- Good. - That's good.
(Smashing with a stick in full power)
(I'll have to help her.)
A little more.
- I think it'll work. - I think so.
- All right. - One at a time.
- One person at a time. - 1, 2, 3.
- Okay. 1, 2. - 3.
1, 2, 3.
(A collaboration of taekwondo and hapkido)
- 1, 2, 1, 2. - 3.
1, 2.
(Sighing)
We're close.
Let's do this until we get it.
(Jin Woon is getting tired.)
- Is this delicious? - Yes, it's really good.
Jin Woon, I'm sorry.
No, Bo Mi. You're really light.
- You almost got it. - Are you Cho Rong?
Hit it. You just need to catch it.
- Gosh. - Goodness.
(Only the shell came off. The fruit remains on the tree.)
The fruit is still there.
That's what we should eat.
What are we doing?
It's weird how only that part didn't fall.
- Catch it. - We have to eat that.
We can eat it just as is. That's like candy.
- She's got a bit angry. - She's mad.
She grinned wickedly.
She got it. Get the whole thing.
- No. - Catch the whole thing.
(Cacao beans flew everywhere.)
- I got one. - Be careful.
- Here. - I got one.
- Let's try one each. - I'm sorry.
- It's a seed. - How do we eat it?
- You suck it. - Good job.
- Just suck the white part. - Good job.
(Apink did their best to eat chocolate.)
Isn't it good?
It's good, but...
- The taste isn't what I thought. - Right?
But it's delicious.
- But it's good. - It's delicious.
So they make chocolate...
- with what's inside. - Chocolate.
- They dry it. - It's good.
(Bo Mi uses her taste sensors.)
(Tasting)
All the fruits taste the same here.
(Sniffling)
(I guess it's not chocolate.)
Let's go.
- We'll get more if there's more. - It's nice to suck on it.
- It's like a candy. - Yes.
(Name: Cacao Characteristic: Subtle sweet flavor)
(Give me chocolate. I'll have it all to myself.)
What's that up there?
- I think it's orange. - Where?
- Orange. - Shall we pick it?
- We should. - Where?
(Jin Woon climbs up the tree.)
- Be careful. - All right.
- He's like Tarzan. - Good.
- It's orange. - Gosh.
- Amazing. - Peel it.
- Let's peel it. - Peel it.
This isn't orange. It isn't tangerine either.
It's nice. Hold it.
- Is it ripe? - Gosh.
- Nice. - It's kind of like grapefruit.
I don't think it'll be sour.
I think it'll be tangy.
Won't it be sweet and sour?
- It looks delicious. - Let's try it.
(It's time to try it.)
- It's like grapefruit. - This is great.
(Fresh)
- It's like grapefruit. - It's delicious.
I'm eating stuff that I haven't been eating.
You like anything from this island.
- Dolphinfish. - Mandarin.
"I can't believe I ate mandarin."
(Still, dolphinfish is the best.)
- It's bracken. - What?
- Bracken. - Gosh.
(They found bracken, the prince of forest.)
- Why is it so thick? - Who likes bracken?
- Me. - Do you like bracken?
Yes.
Is this how it normally looks like?
We have a side dish now.
Pull it out.
- Amazing. - Ginger.
- Ginger? - It smells like ginger.
(They collect ginger.)
- It does. - A little bit.
- Just a bit. - Yes.
- It's pepper. - You scared me.
Isn't it pepper? It's pepper.
- Look. - It's pepper.
- That's nice. - Awesome.
- There are more peppers. - There's more.
- There are peppers everywhere. - This one is red.
- Look at the color. - Isn't this spicy?
Isn't it the really spicy one?
This is great. Only take what we can eat.
- This is enough peppers. - Yes.
The flowers are so cute.
- They're cute. - They're really cute.
I want to grow them in my garden.
- Me too. - Why are they so adorable?
- They're so cute. - They're adorable.
This is a jungle, but there are flowers.
- There are butterflies. - The flowers are so cute.
- Every jungle is different. - It's like a picture.
It's morning glory.
(The beautiful color of nature)
It's so pretty.
(Apink is...)
(a girly girl.)
- Gosh. - Let's have a look.
It looks good on you.
Please don't spin around with it on your head.
Don't spin.
- Don't spin. Just walk straight. - Okay.
It's going to start raining soon.
(She starts twirling naturally.)
(Spinning innocently)
(Just let us twirl.)
(Straight face)
(Smiling with a flower in her head)
(They sure are having fun.)
You two know how to have fun.
(Every day is sunny in the jungle with Apink.)
This is like natural soap to the natives here.
- Which one? - Is it this one?
- This? - Which one?
Rub it and smell it.
If you rub it in the water, it'll make soap bubbles.
It makes bubbles?
- It's so interesting. - Really.
What's that smell?
- It smells a bit. - Yes.
I'll use this to wash my feet later.
Okay.
- It has a scent. - It smells a little bit.
It has a scent.
- This is so cool. - Yes.
It smells like something.
Will the scent be stronger if I rub it?
It will.
It's like a paper soap.
- Is it? - Yes.
Rub it.
Rub it?
(Moving his hands quickly)
- Why? - It smells like lemon.
- It smells great. - It smells like lemon.
(Goodness! We need to take this home!)
Wait.
- Let's take it with us. - Gosh.
Shall we take some?
This is great.
This will be enough.
(Lovely Tae Gon's Taste Part 2)
There are a lot of interesting things.
What's that?
There are taros and yams.
- Is this yam? - Yes.
- Awesome. - Underneath are all yams.
(Yams are buried underground.)
The roots are huge.
They're really big.
We can probably come back later.
- Dam, don't leave me. - I'll stay.
It took two hours for Chan Yeol to dig them out.
Really?
- Let's go. We'll be back. - Okay.
- It won't take long. - We will be back.
- Where are you going? - We won't go far.
(The staff leaves too.)
Don't go.
(We will set up a camera.)
(He is left alone.)
(He puts the camera on the ground...)
(and begins to dig up yam.)
(The lonely sound of an ax echoes in the jungle.)
(How is the Hunting Team doing?)
We should steer the chicken towards this spot.
- We can't do it in an open space. - We should go into the forest.
Inside the forest, we can corner it.
Since it can fly,
we need to block its movements.
Let's block its movements and attack.
I was reminded of East Timor.
"This is my opportunity."
"I will be able to catch a chicken and provide food."
(In East Timor, he succeeded in catching a chicken.)
I caught it. I caught it!
(His body remembers the experience.)
I caught it.
- Will you hit the chicken with it? - I will throw it at the chicken.
(There is another man who is confident.)
It will come in handy.
I want to catch it.
(The hunting instinct burns within him.)
It's the most exciting aspect...
of being in the jungle.
(He never grows tired.)
(On the land, he has caught a rabbit.)
(He has shown his strength in the water too.)
(By the river, he has caught a duck.)
(There is more.)
(At the sea, he has caught big fish.)
(He is a hunter no matter the time and location.)
(I am the expert on chickens.)
(The master of chicken hunting, Lee Moon Sik)
(It's time to add chicken to my list of catches.)
(The versatile hunter, Kang Nam)
Get harpoons and equipment that can be used to catch a chicken.
- Let's walk around. - Let's scout the area.
When you see a chicken, don't approach it.
We need to circle it.
- If you approach it, it will run. - The three of us...
need to put the chicken in the middle.
(The search starts.)
(At that moment)
- Do you hear that? - I hear baby birds.
(I hear baby birds.)
Let's go this way.
(They hurriedly move towards the sound.)
- There it is. - Is there a chicken?
There it is. Chase it.
(Did Kang Nam find a chicken?)
There are chicks too.
- I will go this way. - Over there.
(It's a chicken.)
Go that way.
(They begin to close in on the chicken.)
(The chicken is within their reach.)
(Shall I go and catch it now?)
(Slipping)
(The chicken flies away upon hearing Moon Sik's yelp.)
(Wait right there.)
The chicken flew! We can't go this way. It's a cliff.
- Where did it go? - It flew away.
We can't go this way.
It's a cliff.
(Moon Sik runs over belatedly.)
(I am sorry.)
We should run after the chicken until the end.
- We should circle it. - No, let's just run.
We have greater stamina.
- We run until it gets tired. - That's right.
(It's a matter of who grows tired first.)
(While Kang Nam shows his determination)
My goodness, it's growing on soil.
This coconut is growing on soil.
(Moon Sik changes the subject because he is embarrassed.)
Let's go around it.
(They resume the hunt.)
(Throwing)
I bet it's in the bushes.
(Kang Nam plans to catch a chicken when it runs out to avoid the rock.)
I can hear it.
(Moon Sik plans to catch a chicken in a dense forest.)
(He goes deeper into the forest to make up for his earlier mistake.)
(Which hunter will be victorious?)
It must be hiding.
(The passionate man is also searching for chickens.)
(Where is it?)
(The chicken doesn't come out.)
I don't see it.
(The search goes on for a while.)
Where did Moon Sik go?
(They don't see Moon Sik anywhere.)
- Did he disappear on his own? - He always disappears.
Did he go without a camera?
(All the cameras are on them.)
Gosh, we now have to catch Moon Sik instead of a chicken.
(Moon Sik is immature.)
Let's go.
He will return when he is tired.
Moon Sik!
(The producer and the cameraman search for Moon Sik.)
The staff is searching for Moon Sik.
- Lee Moon Sik! - Lee Moon Sik.
- Lee Moon Sik! - Moon Sik!
Moon Sik!
(Quiet)
Kang Nam! Yun Hyeong!
(Moon Sik's voice is being recorded without a camera.)
Where are you?
(There is a chicken.)
There is a chicken.
(Thud)
(My goodness.)
I need someone to steer the chicken.
(I need someone to steer the chicken.)
(This is what he did.)
(They find Moon Sik after wandering for a while.)
This is incredible.
Wait a minute. I spotted a chicken.
Hold on.
(A wild chicken appears.)
Let's go this way.
This is incredible.
Wait a minute. I spotted a chicken.
Hold on.
(A wild chicken appears.)
Let's go this way.
All right.
(It's a chicken.)
Kang Nam, a chicken is going that way.
(I will catch it no matter what.)
- Is it coming this way? - Yes, I spotted a chicken.
Where is it?
(Kang Nam and Yun Hyeong surround the chicken.)
I don't see it.
Do you see it?
(They are on standby.)
Where is it?
I don't see anything. The forest is dense.
There it is. It's on the tree.
- There it is. - Where is it?
- There. - It's on the tree.
Where?
It's going that way.
(Where is it?)
(At that moment,)
(the chicken becomes surprised by Kang Nam and jumps out.)
My goodness.
(Without missing a beat, Kang Nam throws his body.)
(Kang Nam versus the wild chicken)
- Did you catch it? - I caught it.
(Kang Nam wins.)
My goodness.
You are the best.
(Kang Nam did it.)
Don't hurt it.
Be careful.
(He is the ace member.)
(I respect you.)
You are incredible.
It passed by in front of me.
(The man who spotted the chicken, Moon Sik joins them.)
(Kang Nam caught it.)
May I try holding it?
(Is he intercepting the chicken?)
(He takes a look.)
- It's big. - It has a lot of meat.
Your experiences in the jungle weren't wasted.
- You're right. - You have changed.
Kang Nam catches everything he sees.
Even eels too.
It was hiding.
I was just passing by...
I became discouraged because Kang Nam caught a chicken.
It happened in an instant.
I thought I would come up with a plan...
and encircle the chicken, but Kang Nam caught it first.
(I should have caught it.)
I was happy, but dispirited.
You are incredible.
(You are incredible.)
(Hitting)
Let's catch a few chickens today.
Let's tie this one and catch more chickens.
- We can catch other birds. - We can boil the chicken.
Unknowing of the successful chicken hunt,
the Exploration Team roams the Garden of the Spirits.
There are so many mushrooms.
(Is there any mushroom that starts with "M"?)
Subtitle by VIU.
Ripped & Synced by KylieKyle.
(What is that sound?)
The locals say...
there is a bird inside the tree.
- A bird? - A bird.
- Inside the tree? - Yes.
Can we catch it?
- Would it be possible? - It looks like...
there will be something.
- The tree looks like a protector. - It will be cozy inside the tree.
We should look from the above.
Do you want to take a look?
I am really heavy.
(Really?)
- Cho Rong should do it. - No, no.
- I gained a lot of weight. - Tae Gon is very strong.
- Then lift me up. - He even caught dolphinfish.
Climb on my back.
I gained weight because this is my off-season.
(I am sorry.)
I am sorry, Tae Gon.
Wait a minute.
I weigh more than I look.
(He defies gravity and lifts her up.)
Be careful. Don't push him.
I can see it.
- There is something inside. - I can hear the sound.
- I see green feathers. - What do you see?
- I see green feathers. - What do they look like?
It has a blue tail.
Is it a baby bird?
- How many birds are there? - Two.
- Two? - Are they baby birds?
Hello.
Are they baby birds?
They aren't baby birds. They are the size of my palm.
(They become more curious. What kind of a bird are they?)
They are this big.
- Please film it. - Okay.
(Bo Mi takes the camera.)
Try to record it.
(Let's move on.)
I'm so fascinated. Hello.
(There are two small green birds side by side.)
- Oh, dear. - We have them too.
They look like parrots.
- Parrots. - Parrots?
- They're parrots. - Parrots, right?
No wonder they're that color.
(Two small parrots are hiding.)
I'm so fascinated.
It looks like a bird's nest.
Cho Rong has to see it too.
Cho Rong wants to see it too.
(Wink)
(Hello)
- Cho Rong has to see it too. - It's okay.
There's Dam.
Hello.
(Bo Mi doesn't take too long.)
- That's good now. Thank you. - All right.
- Aren't you happy you did that? - Yes.
Hello. This is so fascinating.
They're so green.
(It's a cute nesting place.)
Hello. I'm Apink.
Hello. What are you doing?
You start talking.
- Did you eat? - They're so lovely.
- Are they pretty? - They are.
(She's happy looking at them.)
- They're green. - Right.
(Tae Gon and Dam watch the video.)
They're so cute.
- You have to see them. - Exactly.
Let's leave a camera here.
- The mother bird might get scared. - We should go.
Sure. We got it.
- They're so pretty. - Let's go.
Let's go.
They leave a camera just to look at it a bit more.
In a moment,
the parrots start getting busy.
(Fluttering)
By the look of the big wings,
it looks like the mother parrot is back.
(She's careful.)
She comes down carefully...
as to not hurt the baby parrots.
(How are my babies doing?)
(I'm hungry, Mommy.)
She must have come back from hunting.
She feeds the baby parrots by mouth.
(I want more, Mommy.)
(She comes down...)
(and gives them everything.)
After a short reunion,
mother parrot leaves again to hunt.
(Don't fight. Make sure you get along.)
(See you later, Mommy.)
Baby parrots, please don't get hurt...
and grow up healthy.
Meanwhile, there's a person...
who's left alone just like the baby birds.
He's busy digging up yams from deep within the earth.
Will I dig it up today?
They look like this, right?
(It's stuck in the earth.)
(He digs,)
(pulls,)
(and digs some more.)
They look like this.
They look somewhat like this.
(He pulls 1 out after 20 minutes.)
(It's too small.)
(He's covered in sweat.)
(He breathes heavily.)
(Nobody is watching,)
This is yam.
(but Jin Woon keeps on digging.)
(Finally)
(He digs up a big one.)
(Nobody is there to watch him.)
(He shows it to the camera.)
(I'm lonely.)
Isn't this a palm tree?
You got it.
(Dam is busy searching too.)
You know so much.
This is a palm tree. There's shoot underneath.
It's edible. I remember from before.
(He's unstoppable.)
You're a tough guy, Dam.
He's a man.
(You look cool, Dam.)
Do you think so?
It's huge.
(Hitting)
(He's not holding it right.)
(He changes his grip smoothly.)
(He's a professional butcher.)
That looked really cool.
Goodness.
(He's so fast.)
- You are amazing. - You are great.
You are a man.
(They keep praising him.)
(He's satisfied.)
If people keep praising you, you get so energized.
(He picks up more speed.)
(It never stops.)
- Rip it. - "Rip it?"
(Cho Rong knows how to control Dam.)
(A little bit more)
Stop it, Cho Rong.
(Please stop, Cho Rong.)
Can't you cut it in half? With the knife?
- Like this? - No, vertically.
(Try it, Tae Gon.)
(Grinning)
He's a man.
(Here comes King Tae Gon.)
You're a man.
(He fixes the knife in place.)
(Slipping)
(Don't do this.)
(His cheeks turn red from embarrassment.)
- That was so funny. - That's cool.
- This is edible. - It worked.
- The white part. - Right.
We wanted to eat this, right?
It looks like a mushroom.
How do we eat this?
- You just eat it. - Do you chew and spit it out?
No, you just eat it.
(It's crunchy.)
You just eat it.
(It makes her smile.)
What's this?
(It's soft and has a light taste.)
This is so interesting.
It tastes like raw sweet potato.
But it's so soft.
- It's good. - It's good.
Let's take some.
- It's good. - We should.
It's so heavy.
- It's heavy? - Yes.
- Really? - It's quite full.
- Jin Woon is still working. - We have to go to him.
Meanwhile, with Moon Sik in the lead,
the three members move towards shoreline.
If we catch gastropods, conches, or abalones,
we can boil them. It'll make a very healthy soup.
- Abalones! - Abalones.
- It's all-natural here. - It is.
- Abalones are expensive. - Of course.
- Let's catch them. - This is so refreshing.
It's nicer near the water.
It's so refreshing.
Can't we sleep here?
It's refreshing here.
Can't we sleep there? There's a cave.
Really?
There's a cave.
(They find something as soon as they arrive.)
Goodness.
- What's that? - My gosh.
- What is that? - We can sleep here.
(Why is there a hideout by the water?)
It's nice.
We should have slept here when it rained on the first day.
They find a home unexpectedly by the beach.
It's a sculpture designed by nature.
(What is this structure?)
After the lava cave got eroded by the waves,
a part of it was left and formed a bridge.
We should eat chicken in a cool area.
We'll be able to light a fire easily here.
If the eight of us lie down here, that'll be perfect.
- Exactly. - No, let's not tell others.
- Why not? - The three of us...
- can sleep here. - Kang Nam.
We came as a team.
- How can you think that way? - What do you mean?
- We have to sleep together. - To Kang Nam,
other members are just strangers.
(They're just strangers.)
They're just strangers?
You turned weird.
That's an old man's joke. Don't do it.
- You're only 23. - He's much better.
I learned so much from Moon Sik yesterday.
Why would you learn that from him?
- They're just strangers. - What do you think my type is?
- What? - My blood type.
Your blood type? B.
- Type O. - You're wrong.
They're just strangers.
A? Tell me. What is it?
What is it?
He's type Yun Hyeong.
I'm going home.
Can I get a flight ticket? This is too hard for me.
They're just strangers to Kang Nam. That was a good one.
If you spend time with him, you'll fall into his charms.
It's charming.
Aren't there a lot of fish here?
There must be.
Moon Sik, there's fish here.
There's fish.
There's a crab.
It's huge.
- This is great, Kang Nam. - Be careful.
(Moon Sik goes first.)
There are so many crabs.
- These are all crabs. - There are so many of them.
(Is this where the crabs inhabit?)
Look at that crab.
(Is this the stone crab I saw on TV?)
It's jumping.
- We can't even eat it. - Really?
Moon Sik, do you see any fish?
Fish? I think there are a lot.
(At that moment)
- Moon Sik. - Be careful, Moon Sik.
(The wave slapped him.)
(It makes you act humble.)
We have to go in. There's no other way.
(There's no point staying outside of the water.)
We can snorkel here. Let's snorkel.
We can find clams or crayfish inside the water.
Let's do that.
- Do you like going in the water? - I love it.
(They're busy getting ready to go in the water.)
I said I wanted to go hunting with you.
Really?
- Because... - Really?
I watched you...
catching a crayfish.
That's why I learned to snorkel.
- Because of me? - Yes.
(Before leaving for the jungle)
(He got trained in free diving.)
(Let's hunt together, Kang Nam.)
I went down 7m.
Really? It'll be no problem for you.
- This is only 3 to 4m. - Really?
- Let's catch crayfish today. - And let's enjoy them today too.
Right on. I'll tell you if I spot one.
- You should catch it. - Sure.
- You have to hold it tightly. - Got it.
- Let's get going. - The water is cold.
(These two dip themselves into the water side by side.)
(Yun Hyeong dives into the water for the first time.)
Go!
(What will they spot under the sea?)
(Kang Nam takes the lead.)
(Yun Hyeong follows after him.)
(Kang Nam dives in first.)
(I can't believe that I actually got to see that in person.)
(Yun Hyeong dives deep into the water following in his footsteps.)
(He's glued to Kang Nam like a gum.)
(The sea in the jungle is so real.)
I must say, the sea and the swimming pool are different.
I'm more scared of the swimming pool because nothing is in it,
but the sea was like a painting.
So I was able to hold in my breath longer than usual.
I was busy admiring the view.
(The view under the sea makes him gape and stare.)
(Looking around)
I was really happy that I got to share it with Kang Nam.
(I'm a big fan of Kang Nam.)
(He's done admiring the scenery.)
(He starts hunting for fish.)
(I'll search this area first.)
(Yun Hyeong follows him right away.)
(Their underwater hunting starts.)
(Let me see.)
(Kang Nam begins searches his surroundings thoroughly first.)
(He's through.)
(Success doesn't come right away.)
(He fixes his swimming goggles.)
(He moves swiftly as if his feet are made of motors.)
(Did he spot something?)
(Tiger cowries are popular ornaments as they are huge and glossy.)
(Kang Nam picks it.)
(I want this more because it's pretty.)
(In no time, Kang Nam's fan comes to his side.)
(Diving in)
(He strives to be quicker...)
(and go deeper.)
(These are small clams which are hard to spot,)
(but this veteran picks it up.)
(Yun Hyeong, this is how you do it.)
(Yun Hyeong understands it.)
(This is his first time hunting underwater at last.)
(He spots his prey.)
(After aiming at it,)
(he continues to shoot.)
(He misses the target 3 times in a row.)
(It looked easy on TV.)
(He gets his harpoon ready again.)
(Wait! That's the same one from earlier.)
(It swims away quickly.)
(It's too fast. There's no way I can catch that.)
Yun Hyeong, did you see any fish?
Fish are faster than I thought.
(Yun Hyeong, the representative of viewers, gives it 5 stars.)
Where is it?
(Meanwhile, Moon Sik is hunting as well.)
(Let me show you the power of a man at the age of 50.)
(This fish is big and has a fancy pattern.)
(However,)
(it dashes away.)
(His ordeal continues even in the water as well as on land.)
(It's difficult to hunt in shallow water.)
(Three of them go farther away from the shore.)
(They are heading somewhere.)
(What is waiting for them there?)
(Can I find something here?)
(Yun Hyeong moves more aggressively.)
(It seems Kang Nam found something as well.)
(What is this?)
(At the end where Kang Nam points at,)
(they vaguely see a cave.)
When I went to that side, I found a cave.
I could spot the cave...
because I saw blue lights from there due to the sunlight.
When I saw it, it was just so beautiful.
(Shall I go in first?)
(He takes a deep breath...)
(and goes in with his arms open wide.)
(It's a trip to a special place in the sea.)
I felt like I saw an exhibition.
The cave the nature created...
was spectacular.
(Kang Nam passes through the bridge.)
I was ecstatic when I swam into the blue light.
I could forget about everything in there.
(It's only possible in the Garden of the Spirits.)
It was great.
(They get a chance to relax only in the Garden of the Spirits.)
(He's impressed.)
This is amazing.
Mook Sik, do you want to see this? It's phenomenal.
(I must see it too.)
(It was formed by wave erosion,)
(but it's submerged now due to the increased sea level.)
I didn't know such place existed. It was very beautiful.
I wanted to see this topographic feature more.
I was very intrigued by it.
I thought it was interesting.
I wondered how the one on land and the one in the sea...
could resemble each other and be so close to each other.
They look really similar.
(It's as if he was in a dream.)
(The trio finishes exploring the sea.)
(He takes some things out.)
Did you get anything?
(They take out food they obtained.)
Let's put them in the chicken.
The dish will be perfectly seasoned...
when we put these in the soup.
(Look forward to the first chicken and seafood soup of the show.)
Welcome back.
- We're back. - You're back.
- The locals cleaned it for you. - Did they clean it for us?
- Yes. - Okay.
- Okay. Bring it here. - My goodness!
- Look at this. - This is big.
How huge.
(It's clean and neat.)
- That looks tasty. - They did an awesome job.
- This looks very good. - That does look very delicious.
- We need to make soup with it. - Exactly.
- Let's put it in. - All right.
(The pot heads straight to the fire.)
He said not to come yet.
- I bet it's going to be tasty. - I'm hungry.
You said you're going to cook, Yun Hyeong.
Right. I...
My goal of this trip was cooking a delicious meal for the Tribe.
That's right.
- He's going to cook at last. - I'll cook chicken soup.
- Chicken soup? - Yes, I'll cook chicken soup.
- I'll look forward to it. - Good luck.
My nickname among members of my group is Chef Song.
I like to cook and I'm happy...
when I see people enjoying my food. It makes me happier.
I want to cook a delicious meal...
for the Tribe.
I'm planning to make natural seasoning...
which explains why I'm shooting this all of a sudden.
These are dried kelps, shiitake mushrooms, shrimps, and anchovies.
I heard guys who know how to cook are considered sexy these days.
I did it.
(He roasted and ground them into powder.)
I finished making my own natural seasoning.
(He takes out the seasoning.)
You can see that these aren't store-bought seasonings.
Since the rule is for you to be self-sufficient,
you cannot use the food you brought from Korea.
- Give us a break. - Can you let us use it this once?
I dried, roasted, and ground them into powder...
- all by myself. - He even dried shiitake.
I think you should allow us to use natural seasonings.
But I saw from a previous episode that Se Jeong brought...
- seasonings from her mom. - She got them from her mom.
- That was from her mom. - I saw the episode and made these.
Director, what's your ruling? Give us a definite ruling.
What if I showed you a special skill?
Will you let us use them?
- What will you show us? - Show him.
- I'll dance. - You're going to dance?
I wanted to dance with Bo Mi.
- Me? - That's right.
- Why me? - All of a sudden?
I saw Bo Mi...
(Apink uploaded the video of Bo Mi dancing to iKON's "Rhythm Ta".)
(Bo Mi is extremely excited.)
Get into the rhythm.
(She starts dancing more aggressively.)
(Nam Joo makes an appearance.)
(They're going to dance to "Rhythm Ta" in the jungle?)
No, we won't dance to that song. It's too boring.
What else can we dance?
- We'll do whatever you can dance. - I don't know.
How about Psy's "New Face"?
(Na Eun appeared in the music video.)
(I knew you'd pick that one.)
- All right. - Yes!
(This is Bo Mi's version of "New Face", not Na Eun's.)
The seasonings are at stake.
Don't you want to taste the seasonings?
- We want to! - We want to!
All right. Start.
(They lighten up the atmosphere...)
(and bring up the excitement.)
(Shall we have a go at it?)
Dance!
(This is Yun Hyeong and Bo Mi's joint performance of "New Face".)
(This is Bo Mi's performance of "New Face" in 2017.)
(She's giving her all to this performance.)
Seasoning.
(Yes, I want some seasoning.)
Hey, Bo Mi is stealing his thunder.
- Bo Mi is outshining him. - Hey,
Bo Mi is nailing this.
(Give...)
(me...)
(the seasoning.)
- She's amazing. - She's something else for sure.
You have to let us use it now given their performance.
(They are fully satisfied.)
We will allow you to use the seasoning.
- Okay! - I'll allow it.
It's all thanks to you.
I thought she was going to explode.
- It's being cooked now. - What is that?
Hurry and put it in. We have to add it in advance.
No, no.
(Yun Hyeong's seasoning goes in.)
Are you going to put a lot? Are you?
If I put a lot of the seasoning, the chicken loses its natural taste.
- You'll put a moderate amount. - I'll put just enough.
I think I should put a bit more since everyone likes salty food.
- It will have a natural taste. - That's right.
A little bit of salt.
- We have ginger too. - We have ingredients.
- Spicy chili peppers. - Chili peppers and yams.
Don't talk when the youngest member is cooking.
- Chef. - Yun Hyeong, we believe in you.
Shall we put in the yam first?
- Bo Mi, please slice the yam. - Okay.
(The assistants move hurriedly.)
(They add yams instead of potatoes.)
Please mince a bit of ginger.
- Mince it? - How much should I mince?
- Yes. - How much should I mince?
I have a certain style I use.
In that case...
- What should I do? - She minces the ginger well.
(Hitting)
She is holding it with her hands.
- How can she do it so well? - My goodness.
- Ginger. - Add all of it.
(Ginger goes into the pot to eliminate the gamey taste.)
- What should we do now? - Chili peppers.
Shall we slice chili peppers?
I will add chili peppers later.
Adding them now will ruin the mouthfeel.
Cooking them for too long makes them mushy.
Is there a reason why you add certain ingredients first?
I personally add hard ingredients first.
That would be vegetables such as carrots and potatoes.
Then come the softer ingredients.
He is cool. Men who know how to cook are sexy.
Should I slice chili peppers?
- Yes, please slice them. - I will slice them.
We don't have chopsticks and spoons.
Let's make them.
- We can add chili peppers now. - Chili peppers?
- Here are chili peppers. - Please add two.
(Spicy chili peppers are added towards the end.)
All right.
- Are we not adding this? - Chef.
Should I add this right away?
All right, let's try it.
(Let's try it.)
- It's hot. - My goodness.
(What does Yun Hyeong think?)
It's nice.
It's good to my taste, but we can add more salt.
We can add these anytime.
(With the seafood, the dish becomes Haeshintang.)
What do you need next?
- We need to wait now. - Is the cooking process over?
- Yes. - Is the cooking process over?
Yes. There are no hard steps.
It looks like a proper dish.
- 5 minutes. - 5 minutes?
(Yun Hyeong, we believe in you.)
- 5 minutes. - I am hungry now.
I think it's ready.
The dish is ready.
It's cooked nicely.
Is it ready?
- It looks tasty. - It looks tasty.
(Amidst the soup lies a chicken that has absorbed the seasoning.)
- You get this at a restaurant. - It looks delicious.
(You rarely get a dish that looks so tasty in the jungle.)
- It looks delicious. - Is it cooked already?
It looks delicious.
(He can't take his eyes off the dish.)
(I hope it's tasty.)
- Look at the color of the soup. - May I try the soup?
- It's spicy. - Me too.
We added a lot of chili peppers.
We should have added one.
They sliced a lot of chili peppers.
Yun Hyeong told us to add two.
(She reacts like a middle-aged man.)
Really?
- It's so tasty. - She gave the best reaction.
- Let's cut the chicken. - It's so tasty.
It's so tasty.
- I like that it's spicy. - The soup is rich.
Would you like some soup?
It looks delicious.
The soup is rich.
(My goodness.)
- The meat is firm. - It's delicious.
The soup is thick.
- Maybe it's because we added yams. - It's really delicious.
The soup turned thick because of yams.
- It's very spicy. - I like that it's spicy.
- It looks like makgeolli. - It looks like a dumpling.
The ladle suits you.
- This is a hangover soup. - It's nice.
It reminds me of soup that contains wild sesame seeds.
It's tasty.
The chef should tear the meat in a tasty way.
(Yun Hyeong tears the meat.)
My goodness.
(He can't tear it easily.)
- It looks delicious. - It looks delicious.
(The wild chicken has overly tough meat.)
- My goodness. - Is it tough?
It's too firm.
It looks like it's tough.
- It's wild chicken. - It looks delicious.
Here is a chicken leg.
- Pass it down. - It's really tasty.
- A chicken leg. - Moon Sik, you should eat it.
- Moon Sik. - The oldest member should eat it.
You worked hard as the assistant.
Was I an assistant?
- An assistant who is like chef. - You called yourself an assistant.
(He takes a big bite.)
Is it spicy?
It's spicy, but tasty.
(Savoring)
The chicken is too skinny.
(It can't be helped since it's a wild chicken.)
The chewiness is just right.
(The wild chicken is chewy.)
- It's tasty. - It's tasty.
- While it's a bit tough... - You seasoned it well.
(Even though I made it, it's very tasty.)
The meat is tasty.
This is incredible.
Let's dip the meat here.
(Tae Gon takes a big bite.)
(His eyes become bigger.)
My goodness, the meat is different.
- It's not too tough. - It's not tough.
It's not tough.
- It's not tough, but chewy. - You're right.
(They share the chicken leg.)
(She tears it powerfully.)
- It's really tasty. - It's a bit tough,
- but also chewy. - It's tough in a tasty way.
- It's tough in a tasty way. - It must be chewy.
(Cho Rong focuses on eating.)
Right?
This is like Health Food Special.
- You cooked. - Yes.
Please give me chicken breast.
- Chicken breast. - Yes.
- Yun Hyeong's dish is popular. - This is incredible.
It's popular.
(They cut the chicken breast...)
It looks delicious.
(and deliver it to the customers.)
I can't believe I am eating chicken breast in the jungle.
- I am sorry. - It can't be helped.
My goodness.
It's the right amount of toughness.
- That's right. - The toughness is consistent.
- It's chewy. - It's chewy.
It's chewy.
I will try the yam.
- Yam. - Dip it in the soup.
- It will be nice. - It tastes like potato.
(Yam acts as potato in the chicken dish.)
- It tastes like potato. - It tastes like potato.
- A potato in the refrigerator. - It really tastes like potato.
- It's tasty. - It really tastes like potato.
Yes.
- Yun Hyeong, it's tasty. - It's a bit like taro soup.
- Yun Hyeong, it's really tasty. - Thank you.
- I know. - We acknowledge your talent.
We ate a lot.
- I can't believe I ate spicy food. - It was tasty.
Thanks to the seasoning Yun Hyeong brought,
we enjoyed the dish.
I felt like I was eating health food. It was very tasty.
The soup was a work of art.
It was spicy.
We were lacking energy. It was exactly what we needed.
Thanks to the soup, everyone filled their stomachs.
I was thankful that everyone enjoyed the dish.
I was happy.
To be honest, I only ate a little bit.
I still felt full.
Yun Hyeong did a good job.
At the land of blessing, the Garden of the Spirits,
Byung Man's Tribe gains energy from Yun Hyeong's chicken dish.
What kind of adventures await them?
Next week.
(The real hunt begins now.)
(All veterans go on a hunt.)
(The youngest member catches fish as well.)
(Cho Rong and Bo Mi never stop eating.)
(What is the special food with an incredible taste?)
(Also)
(She shows off her vocal cords.)
(She makes the others feel embarrassed.)
(They make a theme song for The Law of Jungle.)
(The Law of Jungle in the Garden of the Spirits)
(Who is this man with the familiar silhouette?)
(This episode will air 2 weeks later.)
(It has been a while.)
(He is back.)
(The Law of Jungle in the Cook Islands)
(Chief Byung Man is back.)
(I will get to work now.)
(The Law of Jungle in the Cook Islands)